Do you feel it?
Is it numb?
I can move, Brother Tiger
I saw Dr. Chen
You are a divine doctor living Bodhisattva
What about his limbs?
dredge the bloodline
In a few days, you can have a full day
Also thank Chen Dabao also thank
Chen Taibao, save your sister
Is your sister sick too?
Yeah, two months ago.
Got a skin disease covered with snake skin
Since I got that strange disease
That girl stays at home all day
I don't want tea or rice
Originally lively
Now he's getting more and more irritable
Depression I grew up with my sister
I beg you to save her
Okay, come on me, okay
Fifth brother Dong'er still dare not drink medicine
OK, got it, go back first